Terms of Use

Here I tried to put information which could be useful and/or interesting
for the visitor.  First, I wanted to put real document like big
corporations do. But, templates I've found are so cumbersome and boring.
So, I've decided to put just few sentences on every topic.

Content Licensing

The content of the post which I create is licensed under Creative Commons
Attribution License version 4.O. It means, you are allowed to copy it,
repost, remix for both non-commercial and commercial purposes. But you are
required to provide attribution. It would be nice to have a hotlink
pointing to the original post.

My code snippets inserted into the post are licensed under Creative Commons
Zero License version 4.0.  It means, they are public domain and you are
allowed to do whatever you want with the code for both not-commercial and
commercial purposes.

Please, be aware that in my posts I may use 3rd party content (citations,
images, etc) which could have another license than content created by me.

Content Disclaimer

The blog is my personal space, all thoughts and views expressed here
represent my own and not those of my employer or any company for whom I
work as a contractor.

No Warranties

The information in the blog is provided AS IS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. USE IT (OR DON'T DO IT) AT YOUR OWN RISK!

Private Data Management

The blogging platform uses cookies and URL rewriting to identify visitors,
collects and stores data about them, like: IP address, user-agent, referer,
cookie id, URL of the page requested, etc.

The collected data used to:

- detect blog abuse (like DoS attacks);
- investigate issues in the blogging platform software;
- study which posts are the most popular;
- provide "you may also like" functionality to visitors.

I am not going to sell your data or transfer it to any 3rd party.

You may ask me to delete all data collected about you and I'll do it.
Just send me a message using my contacts.

Right to Ban

Visitor access to the blog could be blocked in case of not frendly behavior, like:

- trying to overload the blog (DoS attacks);
- trying to hack the blog (ports scanning, vulnarability scanning, etc).

Visitor could be blocked by IP address, it means all people how use the same IP will
be automatically banned as well.

Monetization Policy

I don't have any intent to make money from the blog for now.

Terms Change

Our life changes, so this terms may change in future as well.
